My friend is very religious
I am eating dinner with my husband.
I competed with him for the championship.
He stretched and took a deep breath.
Hand in your homework by next Monday.
How cold it is!
Ever been to Muskogee?
We are delighted with her presence.
What would you do if you met a person from another planet?
Mr. Johnson's workers are loyal to him.
The cat is sitting on top of the table.
I am to meet him at five at the station.
These shoes will not last for long.
I asked her for evidence.
The sky was completely dark.
The news report only told one side of the story.
The fun thing about this job is that the technology is continually advancing.
I share the enterprise with him in .
She is looking for a job where she can make use of her foreign language ability.
The members decreased by 50 to 40.
I want to find out the source of this irresponsible rumor.
The tragedy left a scar on my mind.
I work from nine to five every day.
He cannot appreciate friendship.
He is tall and handsome.
Italy is a very beautiful country.
You shouldn't do such a thing.
He likes to get on the horse and go out.
We'll need a head hunting agency to find the right man for this executive position.
The queen was well dressed.
I can't stand all this noise.
This road was partly destroyed.
The meeting is ten days away.
I have a shower every night.
Sympathy is a feeling characteristic of mankind.
What's up?
It is not proper to be late for a dinner party.
I am not alone in this opinion.
He's been working all day and night.
Tom didn't really like his job.
I like your friend very much.
Tom doesn't think Mary is cut out to be a teacher.
Japan does a lot of trade with Britain.
I don't think I could do that.
He devoted himself to the study of medicine.
I can't stop sneezing.
We speak Japanese.
You should assume that anything you do online is public.
There's no good and evil in this world; there's only ignorance
It is rumored that secret peace talks have already begun.
The British ship was captured and brought to the United States.
We won the match by 10 to 4.
Why don't you listen to me?
I didn't go out for fear of catching cold.
I'll keep that book for myself.
After taking a bath
Could I have the check?
You may use my dictionary.
How about eating out this morning for a change?
They advertised a new car on TV.
These cycles are broken.
It's been raining since this evening. 
You could have solved this puzzle with a little more patience.
She bought a vacuum cleaner at the supermarket.
Japan has developed her economic .
Are you going to take part in the next race?
Please give me something to kill the pain.
We started in no time.
I succeeded in the work.
Tom doesn't believe Mary. He thinks she's lying.
They say that to see is to believe.
We captured the thief.
We need to reorganize it in order to strengthen our business activities.
Brian went to school with Kate.
This plant grew little by little.
The map is on the wall.
I was in a coffee bar .
It is very kind of you to say so.
It took a long time for me to convince him that I was right.
Tom complained about the weather.
I plan to stay at home all day tomorrow.
You pay 10
This bomb can kill many people.
She graduated in German at Cambridge.
He passed away quite suddenly.
Few people can realize their faults.
Go upstairs.
You OK?
He invested his money in stocks.
Einstein loved playing the violin.
Nobody can deny the fact the world economy revolves around the American economy.
Two doctors were talking.
He said that that girl had kissed him.
All you have to do is to hand this book to him.
The audience applauded the dancer.
You continue making the same mistakes time after time.
Tom opened the door for Mary.
Where was Tom working then?
He has a ticket.
His company went bankrupt
He fell and broke his arm while he was skiing.
Don't fall for his old tricks.
I can't walk because of my broken leg.
Try as you may
It's really fast with a dedicated line.
I will never forget your kindness.
Several universities in this country enjoy great prestige.
The selfish man was despised by his colleagues.
I was quick tempered when I was young.
I'll call back at four o'clock.
You know a few things about your family?
No sooner had he done it than he began reading.
The birds ate the bugs.
Please come and see me next Sunday by all means.
When will you wash your car? "Sometime this week
Please slice a loaf of bread for me.
She thinks of everything in terms of money.
Do you speak Arabic?
I was involved in a petty argument.
They sat still as if they were charmed by the music.
How much you owe?
He often paints views.
Someone left the water running.
she broke the heel of her shoe.
Tom asked Mary why she was late.
Only today did I know the details of the matter.
This soda is less sweet than that.
This is a matter of supreme importance.
I look forward to seeing you again.
He is our teacher of English.
They study about the function of the brain.
A public opinion study was made in 1937.
She likes it least of all.
I can no longer stand the cold.
There are more clouds today than yesterday.
He was knocked down by a truck.
There also was another reason.
He dealt me a blow on the shoulder.
The world's first car was built in Chicago. It was named after its contructor
He can speak French and German
Paper absorbs ink.
Where does she want to go?
She brought his lunch today.
Happy is a man who lives in peace and content.
Experts put a high valuation on the painting.
The fire was brought about by children's playing with matches.
I think he is not so much a scholar as a novelist.
If I had had enough money
He wrote a poem.
This desk is good.
Just when I was getting the hang of things
Please fill this bucket with water.
Christopher Columbus has a boat.
I will accomplish it.
The Normans conquered England in 1066.
Tom began to look into the problem as soon as Mary brought it to his attention.
Does it look cloudy today?
He is too sensitive.
The young man robbed her of her bag.
Paolo is a nice person.
I have hardly any money with me.
The problem is not settled yet.
The car has three rows of seats and is capable of carrying eight passengers.
His health has broken down because of overwork.
My father boasts of the fact that he has never had a traffic accident.
Tom ran down the stairs.
She is not so foolish that she does not know it.
He opened the door.
Smell is one of the five senses.
Our trip is dependent on the weather.
She explained to him why she was late.
Can you understand the meaning of this sentence?
He had no sooner heard the news than he began to cry.
Which do you recommend?
My printer's black ink is defective.
Did you enjoy staying in Hokkaido?
We may as well stay where we are.
It is wrong to make fun of an old man.
A rash broke out on her neck.
My wife is trying to sleep.
For three days after death hair and fingernails continue to grow but phone calls taper off.
Has he become able to speak English?
I think it possible that he may come.
He is a member of the parochial board.
I'm on top of the world.
He felt hedged in with rules.
He has recently returned from France.
She showed him the photo.
He made it to the classes on time.
He is looked up to by friends.
You're visiting a factory tomorrow
Different countries import many goods.
You put things well.
I am starting this evening.
The tracks run parallel to the road.
The dog jumped over the fence into the garden.
The record was sent to the ministry.
The merest mention of his name made her angry.
For whom will you vote for president?
The traffic accident deprived the young man of his sight.
I am glad that you have helped me.
It's a doll.
Many people were waiting in line.
My house faces the sea.
We went into the red last year.
I can hear something.
I have a rash on my neck.
It was no good persuading my sister to give up.
I never did like it anyway.
Each person was given enough food and clothing.
Their conversation was carried on for about an hour.
You should not touch these instruments.
I'm not free today.
I wish I were clever.
The ship is going
The official in charge let me in.
When did you have your last physical examination?
Tom wanted Mary to come to his party.
It's incredible!
There goes a wonderful coach over there.
Can you give me a house?
I think it's time for me to say what I really think.
Let's just agree to disagree.
I think I'm gonna go to sleep.
Jane was waiting with her back against the tree.
We looked at each other.
The station is pretty far.
His efforts were in vain.
I'd like a glass of tequila.
I never make a speech without being nervous.
This is due to English being a world language.
All my family is very well.
He will come all right.
This decision will reflect on his future career.
Tom has money. However
He that would govern others
My father is free on Saturday.
I took the bus back.
A lost child was sobbing at the police box.
Elementary school children go to school for a term of six years.
The boy gathered a handful of peanuts and put them in a small box.
We are next-door neighbors.
This is a good bargain.
The meeting will have finished by the time we get there.
Call the ambulance immediately!
Smoking is a danger to your health.
He should make the most of his chance to learn.
He betrayed you.
The losers received a "prize" too: They were beaten up by the winning team!
I'm afraid this key does not fit.
She wanted to go
You are responsible for the result.
Look at the cat.
Who's the owner of this property?
This bike needs to be repaired.
The man walked on the road.
Do you wish to go?
The boss just chewed him out again.
What I'm saying is true.
The hair-dressing liquid gave off a strong smell.
Tom wants to discuss the problem with Mary.
I can't imagine you not knowing her address.
He started early in the morning.
He asked our pardon for making a mistake.
Several men are fishing from the riverbank.
I'm putting this sentence on Tatoeba and nobody can stop me!
Don't give up.
The only thing one never regrets are one's mistakes.
The fighting there lasted several days.
What kinds of changes are needed to address these problems?
Even if she comes to see me
We were told by him to leave the room at once.
I want to go with you
My cousin is the last man but one in the line.
I will have repaired your watch by tomorrow.
Do you see a boat on the horizon?
Now shake hands and make up.
The dog suddenly charged at the child.
You're going out with a Keio student
My sister is having a baby in June.
Never did I dream of winning first prize.
The laws were very difficult to enforce.
Make a photocopy of this paper.
We estimated his losses at 100 dollars.
The boy has got out of hand.
I got along with everybody.
He began to address the audience slowly.
Who's coming with me?
Put the animals into the room.
Their clothes are quite like those of our ancestors.
My mind is as bright and clean as a mirror.
She advised him not to believe everything the teacher says.
France has a lot of open market.
Everything you said in your mail is just right - except the price.
You establish the property right by paying for it.
I said nothing
I'll take my chances with you.
The Swiss Franc is  decreasing.
This park is really beautiful and clean.
He would go to out for a long walk in summer.
Everyone has both strong and weak points.
He said we must keep the secret.
Tom suggested that I write Mary a letter.
He is no better than a baby.
He had a large family to support.
That cheese is made from sheep's milk.
I saw his face switch to anger.
Did you have a good week?
Asian religions inspire him to create splendid sculptures.
Is this beeper yours?
I caught my son doing 
Facts are stubborn things
While doing the wash she found a condom in the back pocket of her son's pants.
Tom doesn't think Mary's plan is feasible.
If you cannot join us
Were there any stars in the sky?
Tom felt exhausted after chopping wood all afternoon.
The old man sometimes talks to himself.
Yolks are yellow.
I want to put an end to the quarrel.
He was deeply moved by the story.
Follow the instruction.
This is a common error.
Don't be upset by sudden change of the weather.
I'll keep the matter in mind.
I'm really attached to my mother.
He has a telephone to himself.
I suppose you have heard of it.
Tom doesn't know who painted that picture.
I sometimes go out for a walk.
The class are all here.
The students were for the most part from the West Coast.
Tom had no reason to suspect that Mary was lying.
The moon does not shine as brightly as the sun.
The criminal is still at large.
A number of people were killed.
This bridge will not endure long.
He had three sons.
He can't swim like she can.
I don't like the boys.
The farm includes 160 acres.
Let's pretend we are aliens.
The opportunity was grasped at immediately.
I felt exhausted when the game was over.
You are always finding fault with me.
I found that the machine was of no use.
Hundreds of years ago
The killer remained at large for weeks.
I called at Tony's house yesterday.
Goodbye stranger
You must be crazy to ride a bicycle that has no brakes!
I don't feel much like talking right now.
I would like to see the trees from which you picked these apples.
We cannot exist without food.
Would you mind turning down the radio?
She knows better than to argue with him.
She is busy typing the reports.
I left my key in my room.
Feel light at heart; feel happy.
There is no bus service to the village.
It looks like the flight was delayed.
They attended worship.
His accident incapacitated him for work.
We tried to trap the fox.
The month when school begins is April.
I found out about a registration technique from his secretary.
These are hills
The Secretary of State said he planned to resign.
I wish you wouldn't drive so fast.
This kind of shoe is apt to slip on wet ground.
He hovered between life and death.
I couldn't stand looking at it.
It is easy to find fault with others.
Admittance to staff members only.
Tom is very romantic.
He is a man of great importance.
They must work 8 hours a day.
I know where he comes from.
Tom loves Mary
Mr White is a man of reason.
Tom couldn't sleep at all because it was so hot.
Tom drives a truck for a living.
He pulled with all his strength but the rock would not move.
I've got better things to do than to keep track of what Tom's doing.
May I present this to you in token of my appreciation?
It was a war no nation really wanted.
Every time he gets up on stage,he sings .
We got up at dawn to avoid a traffic jam.
What goes on in this room?
Hanako walked through the hallway.
I saw a boat upstream of the bridge.
I was deeply touched by the story.
I found the test difficult.
He clutched her arm firmly.
Mary was not worthy of your trust.
Today is our last day of school.
Here is your bag.
You have him there.
This cross street is busy with traffic lights .
Tom has put on some weight.
I caught a big fish yesterday.
You don't have to answer these questions.
My uncle has great wealth.
He kicked his opponent.
He ran away in the direction of the wood.
She is blessed with good sons.
We'd better take up this issue immediately.
My lower left back tooth hurts.
Tom couldn't make it to school because of the typhoon.
The film crew is on their fifth take because the actress keeps forgetting her lines.
If you had come only two minutes earlier
She broke off her engagement in a fit of anger.
What's your favorite curse word?
I like him personally
The housing shortage is very acute.
Dreams come true.
She is not afraid of anything.
The internet is fast.
We mustn't waste our energy stocks.
It was not until yesterday that we knew about it.
You have a responsibility to explain that behavior to me.
Some of his books are difficult to read.
I have seen much of him lately.
getting off the train.
She has given birth to five children.
A man whose wife is dead is called a widower.
Weather changes often.
Over there is the person I've been waiting for.
The continent is abundant in fossil fuels.
Slavery has been abolished in most parts of the world.
Her fingers were too weak to fold it.
This book is beautifully illustrated.
I got nowhere with the work.
Say hello to your mum for me.
I wish I hadn't given Tom my grandfather's violin.
Any book will be okay as long as it is interesting.
I had resolved to steal one yen to go see it
We were in favor of reforming the tax laws.
I could say nothing in my dad's presence.
The diner is included in the charge.
He is proud of his son.
When I met her the other day she asked of my parents.
You can't count on his help.
WARNING - 18+ ONLY.
The baseball game was so exciting that everyone stayed until the very end.
Tom says that Mary definitely doesn't want to be married.
To what extent was the report true?
Small children tend to wander off if you don't watch them all the time.
What is that thing?
His efforts in studying have paid off and his grades are improving by leaps and bounds.
If you permit me to speak
I hope you have a good trip.
We sat up half the night just talking.
People will follow a good leader.
Tom and Mary don't know each other.
He is in life.
I am not sure whether I will be able to come with you.
The woman pressed the baby to her.
The president held himself responsible for the crime.
We'll decide by voting.
The next concert will take place in June.
I don't quite believe what he says.
The news spread all over Japan.
It's very unlikely that Tom acts that way at home.
I hope you will be completely cured.
You can borrow a copy from any public library.
Tom came here to help us fill out these forms.
I quietly take out my camera
Declaring war after a surprise attack is to be expected
He suggested we should stop smoking at the meeting.
It was something she did not want to put into words.
I may as well go now.
He called me a cab.
My classmates are in the English class.
Tom has nothing better to do right now.
What's the weather like in New York?
When attacked he defended himself with an umbrella.
It's raining buckets outside.
We have found the Messiah.
It would seem that you know something that I don't.
With this you can go to France.
I often spend my free time listening to music.
Tom agreed with everything Mary said.
A policeman came up to him.
This is Edward.
She kept her body clean.
We must put an end to a bad habit as soon as possible.
As we grow older
Better an egg today than a hen tomorrow.
The troops marched past.
Her diligence is indeed worthy of praise.
I'm not going to go to the party.
The play was adapted from a novel.
I prefer history to geography.
Such books as this are of no use to us.
My sister is suffering from a bad cold.
He did nothing but stand watching the scene.
My mother has sold everything that is dear to her.
It is said that she is rich.
Land of liberty
He fired at point blank range.
I am busy now and can't go out.
Being poor not good.
An hexagon has six sides.
My grandmother is hard of hearing. In other words she is slightly deaf.
She devoted her entire life to the study of physics.
She wants to travel to Antarctica
When did you buy the watch?
Are you seriously thinking about selling this online?
Please say hello to Mrs. Andreescu!
Mr Thompson has been very busy today.
Tom could not walk again after the accident.
Which is your target?
She is pleased at her success.
Birds are flying in the air.
I know that this is the first time this has happened to you.
He took the trouble to show me the way to the station.
She accused me of being a liar.
They saw the sights of Kyoto with their family.
Let's suppose it's true.
People say he never dies.
I like dogs.
Tom will be thirty in March.
My sister is quick-thinking.
The citizens are happy.
You had better start at once.
His opinion was completely beside the point.
It appears that you are all mistaken.
He went about making a doghouse.
He understands her problems more or less.
He threw me the apple.
Everyone must keep the law.
Search the town that's on the map.
No one forgot their assignment
Do you have any idea what time it is?
Which way is the man?
Luchi is alone.
He betrayed us by telling the enemy where we were.
Keep your room as neat as you can.
She is away in Kyushu.
This summer I went to Nikko
It became quiet again in the forest.
I want to go to America someday.
I have a table.
She is eighteen at most.
Best served chilled.
Vigorous exercise makes you sweat.
I bought it for ten dollars.
My dream is to buy a Lamborghini tractor.
She answered all the questions.
Tom never quarrels with his wife in public.
His biggest dream is being able to speak like a native speaker.
The color of her dress and that of her shoes go well together.
Close the door after you when you leave the room.
She abandoned herself to drinking.
I pray that you will have the best of luck.
His money has diminished.
I'll explain in detail next week.
She came down for diner.
There is no longer any room for doubt.
I can't get along with that man any more.
What is your age?
He would have been able to enter a good university easily if he had tried
Two robbers broke into a store.
Children should not be given more money than is needed.
She is just a child.
We heard her cry.
Tom can't find anyone to help him.
He is a fox of a man.
The bird's cry broke the silence of the woods.
The situation became worse by the minute.
You will be delayed for only thirty minutes at worst.
Only a fool would believe that.
Tom always thought that John and Mary were such a nice couple.
Economic conditions are in a state of flux.
Our love affair was short-lived.
Tom found out where Mary lives.
He easily gets angry at trivial things.
The house was undermined by the flood.
None of us are opposed to his ideas.
Sally called  Mr Taylor.
I still don't wish to see the Styx.
Where's the closest bus stop?
You should assume that email messages aren't private.
He often cuts classes on Monday and Saturday.
Don't despise a man because he is poorly dressed.
Stick at it
That man was happy.
With so many people absent this week
He hit me by mistake.
You're what?
The summit conference made a contribution to the peace of the world.
I was busy packing
He caught them stealing apples.
We enjoyed playing tennis.
I saw the man knocked down and the driver driving away.
I prefer going for a walk to seeing the movie.
Not a star was to be seen that night.
Tom couldn't seem to put Mary at ease.
Tom didn't agree with Mary about the matter.
His hobbies are playing the guitar and singing.
She is always finding fault with her neighbors.
The second quarter GNP growth was higher than predicted.
Which is more valuable
My father scolded me for not being pounctual.
The politician said he was deeply happy with everyone for their support in the election.
Cross the road with care.
He has excellent techniques which would outdo a specialist.
There is a good argument for dismissing you.
You were about to dump her flat out
My father has never gotten sick in his life.
I visited Paris long ago.
I can't afford to buy a new bike
She must have done it yesterday.
I'll look around the city today.
Society is composed of individuals.
Progress in medicine is going ahead by leaps and bounds.
I laughed at his joke.
You can't trust rumors.
May I take this umbrella? "No
He love adventure.
The Japa finnese yen was appreciated.
Some of the things he said got under my skin.
He lives three doors off.
It was some time before I cottoned on to what she meant.
Picasso's early works have been exhibited at this hall.
We went to the beach to swim.
You should give up smoking since it's unhealthy.
*Wearing classic clothes is now popoular among young people.
You should stick those pictures in your album.
It is one of the biggest summer music festivals.
Had I taken that plane
Down with the Government!
Many people in these parts have fallen on hard times.
I saw the Spirit come down from heaven as a dove and remain on him.
This is where my uncle works as an announcer.
Mike is proud of his father being rich.
I hope we can get together again. Yes
The exhibition has drawn much attention from the poublic.
We are shorthanded now.
He dropped in at the bookstore.
This stuff is worth its weight in gold!
We have great deals on furniture.
We can find societies without science
She was surprised when she saw the ghost.
She decided on marrying Tom.
His success is in question.
When will you finish your work?
She is booked up next week.
Please excuse me for coming late.
Would you please let me know the delivery time?
We need to think more about the damage to the world's climate.
What does "Tatoeba" mean?
Tom is against smoking.
You may ask that teacher questions.
I rode my bicycle a lot today.
He must have missed the train.
Many women work outside their homes these days.
Can you read that sign ahead of us?
I'm a bit of a reader myself.
When a native speaker tries to help me sound more like a native speaker
He is an army officer.
She was wearing hair-clip.
Bill was careless with his gun.
They greeted us warmly.
Come feel my forehead.
How old would you be if you didn't know how old you are?
His hair is black in color and long.
They keep close ties with Britain.
I don't study regularly
Tom certainly attracted a lot of attention.
Did you enjoy your visit?
The talks continued for two days.
Some words are hard to define.
All articles are made in this country.
The important thing is to listen carefully.
In this world everyone is ruled by money.
That sort of thing should be done away with.
Our topic of the week is: _____.
She wore a long dress.
A wind from the ocean blows at this time of the year.
I don't like the polluted atmosphere of big cities.
You must not invade the privacy of others.
Mary became a dancer.
The man answers to the description in the newspaper.
He is interested on advertising himself.
By the year 2020
She became pregnant.
She made friends with him in Boston.
What time do you have supper?
To live at the end of the world.
That's weird.
Oil is transported by tanker.
Tom thinks it'll be a lot of fun.
The situation is capable of changement.
The young man came out of the house opposite.
It is Eve that have set the house on fire.
The friend whom I invited never showed up.
There isn't anyone in the room.
She accepts criticism from anyone but her parents.
When are you going to Italy?
I have nothing to do with them.
His standing up was the signal for everybody to start leaving the room.
You will get used to speaking in poublic.
Did you feel the earth shake last night?
The matter is of great importance to me.
There is no doubt in my mind that Tom will win the election.
I'll never fail you.
He held a ball-point by the wrong end.
I always drink a cup of coffee every morning.
The city wants to extend the road.
Prolong the pain.
It is said that Mr Jones is a good teacher.
I just took a shower.
Tom goes along with whatever Mary says.
What if the rainy season should set in tomorrow.
Don't lean too much on others.
He is better suited to a job as a teacher is.
He has absolutely no respect for other people's feelings.
They chose Peter as captain.
I cannot describe my feelings.
He made it clear that he had nothing to do with the matter.
The man cheated her out of her money.
English education flourishes in Japa finn.
We should save wild animals.
Tom expects Mary to come back soon.
I can't pout up with her any longer.
I got a pair of new shoes.
This tea is very good.
Tom loves sports events.
They are sitting as if charmed by the music.
I feel happiest when I'm running.
She does not have many friends in Kyoto.
Which is more enjoyable: listening to music alone or with other people?
He fell behind in his English class.
I am your only hope
Where is Britney Spears?
Do you think I don't know what's going on?
Tom asked Mary what she thought of his tie.
He came to see me.
I owe it to my mother that I was able to overcome my difficulties.
Do you want to eat here
He buy many costly things.
Do you remember what day of the week Blue Sky Sports is closed?
Tom came up to me after class and asked me a few questions.
Anyone can make a speech here on Sundays.
His handwriting is poor.
The house where my father was born is just around the corner.
Tom gave Mary all the money he had.
Don't play with life
He was praised for saving a life.
 Japan has made some international friends due to its advancement in technology.
I am going to make him a serious offer.
I'll tell you my story.
Yuriko arranges flowers in her spare time.
Then let us begin.
Behold the Man.
My parents really love their grandchildren.
Although 475AD is the year that shows the 'decline' of the Roman Empire
As the wind blows
Which car is less crowded?
I sniffed the smell.
Today is a good day to die.
The door of the office is yellow.
Thanks for sticking around.
Tom doesn't have a car.
All Japa finn is excited.
His new car is a beauty.
You'll need an Allen key to open it.
Every one of them went to see that movie.
Invite whoever you like.
I've painted the ceiling.
Tom chose to live with his father instead of his mother.
A healthy man does not know the value of health.
*This magnificent cathedral.
People have many things to communicate and many ways to do so.
Elizabeth is independent of her parents.
In the begfinning I did not like him
She gave him a piece of paper.
Come home at once.
I was about to go out
This cloth is good in quality for its price.
Tom announced that he was quitting football.
He is against jazz.
It is better not to go out of your field.
Even with all the money he has.
Tell me the correct answer.
I don't know why in my dreams.
Do you have a favourite writer and a favourite book?
I enter the room
I wish I had been there with you.
The worst is over.
I do not know exactly.
Tom was on the verge of starvation.
I wonder who will help Tom decorate the Christmas tree.
 We have all received one blessing after another.
I can't speak English as fluently as Naomi.
We agreed to the plan without qualification.
As soldiers they went to the front.
This hill of termites is located in Tanzania.
Don't go beyond the speed limit.
Tom and Mary agreed never to talk about the incident.
I had my brother clean the room.
His wish is to go to America.
Is there a link between smoking and lung cancer?
For fear of accidents
Tom eats out a lot.
In all times and places many examples of poor relations between wives and mothers-in-law can be seen.
Now give attention to what I am going to say.
Hang your jacket on the hook by the door.
How did you come by such a job?
It will cost at least 2000 yen to take a taxi.
Have you been told when you are expected to be here?
Big Brother is watching you.
He is a good athlete.
The town in which I live is rather small.
We celebrated the New Year with a party.
Until recently
He is as great artist when he wa alive.
We'd like to climb that mountain.
Does that include breakfast?
I went on a ten-day trip to Easter Island.
It can happen to anybody.
Mikey is thirteen.
I don't like long drives.
Turn off the lamp. I won't be able to sleep.
My wife had a hard time getting into the swing of our new life in America.
This day was just a waste of time and money.
British forces at this time were wfinning victories.
The tree was ready to fall at any moment.
Do you know the reason?
He bannged his head against a shelf and got a big lump.
The students receive a 15
The Japanese are criticized for their appearance.
I became acquainted with her two weeks ago.
Tom carried everything he owned in a small suitcase.
Throughout the United State large numbers of young people enter college every year.
The collar is too tight round my throat.
Mike has been out of work for a year.
The bus stopped to take up passengers.
A bird can glide through the air without moving its wings.
Driving on a slippery road can lead to a car wreck.
Did he write a letter yesterday? "Yes
Mary wishes she had straight hair.
The hill commands the pa finnorama of the city.
Your job hangs by a thread.
A quartet has one more member than a trio.
I don't mind if you go to bed before I get home.
The wrestler weighs over 200 kilograms.
Watch your toes.
Their school and ours are sister schools.
You're old enough to understand.
You had better close the window.
I felt a touch of pain in my head.
What is peculiar to Japa finn at mealtimes is that people eat rice out of little bowls.
If you quit your job
I would like to see a house 50 meters from here.
He served as governor of Ohio.
I must be away on business.
I tried to find out how many people really live in this town.
Do you mind opening the door?
He is our leader
Don't apply that nickname to me.
Don't pout me in the same class with them.
My mother pout thirteen candles on my birthday cake.
I don't understand.
I have two sons; one is in Tokyo
That child is a headache.
How much did it cost? "It cost me a thousand yen."
You won many competitions.
The son of Heaven
All of my friends like compouter games.
I will get through with my homework before he comes.
Do you want your coffee?
Mother told Father about me.
You used to do so when you were a university student.
I have a splitting headache.
Don't count on his help.
She'll do it in 1 day.
Tom has a friend whose mother is a veterinarian.
Difficulty makes a man wise
He stopped smoking because his wife and children asked him to.
Under your eyes is black.
Tatoeba: Let the 'mortal translation' begin!
We didn't know; we won't do it next time.
He seems to be out of humor.
Please keep it secret.
Tom didn't know how to answer Mary's question.
Do you know when they will arrive? 
I will work to my maximum.
I gave up all hope.
You are the tallest of us all.
He is by no means wanting in courage.
Mrs. Smith is our English teacher.
I have a boyfriend who loves me.
My sister asked me to lend her the dictionary.
I like to eat watermelon.
She usually wears jeans.
I felt ill in the presence of the principal.
This is a free newspaper.
I must learn Japa finnese.
If you have any opinions concerning traffic calming devices.
He became a police officer.
The detective took down his oral testimony.
My grandfather died shortly after my birth.
I must start no matter how heavily it snows.
She wasn't able to open the bottle.
How can I pay my bills without work!
He is now in the hospital and he now has a balance life.
Japan imports raw materials from China and exports finished products to it.
We shared the cost of the meal.
The bill amounted to 100 dollars.
His foolish proposal was approved.
She pout by some money for a rainy day.
He directed his remarks at the professor.
Someone must have left it there.
They confronted each other.
He seems to know all about her past.
When I got off the train
He cooked meals for himself when his wife was sick.
He has to work hard so as to support his family.
He loves to eat.
Someone is knocking at the door.
The plan was being discussed.
Tom is a high school dropout.
He will come.
He cut vegetables.
I will do all I can for you.
Tom was shocked by Mary's behavior.
This book is not about cooking.
Degas was born more than 150 years ago.
My income is twice as large as yours is.
I want to buy ski boots.
His motorcycle is the latest model.
The hunters captured the wild animal with a strong rope.
We ended up going home early.
The tree fell over in the typhoon.
This study is my father's study.
How do you interpret these lines of the poem?
Eat more
There's a boogeyman under my bed.
Take it easily.
This lesson is interminable!
I told her not to let go of the rope
Jean-Luc gives Beverly the book by Shakespeare.
Don't you have any money?
I regarded him as a good teacher.
He grew up to be a handsome youth.
The young couple surveyed the room.
It serves him right that he missed the last train.
He always tries to see the good in others.
The idea that he is going to make a speech is laughable.
Who knows what will happen tomorrow?
I don't have a sword.
They named the ship Queen Mary after the Queen.
The students bothered the teacher with silly questions.
He is no better than a fool.
I'm learning to sew so that I can make myself a dress.
We don't need to attend that meeting.
Don't you tend to get carsick?
The German word "Scheibannnwischer" means "windshield wiper".
I had my watch repaired at the store.
Her eyes began to brim over with tears.
Michael had a hard time making ends meet.
Who the devil was that?
War is not inevitable.
As far as I can remember
One day apart seems like a separation of three years.
Please remove that chair because it is in the way.
Look out for rock slides.
I built an amplifier yesterday.
For the past few days Jane has been quiet and out of humor.
They went on a trip a few days ago.
He welshed on his gambling debt.
The explosion shook the whole building.
You cannot get blood out of a stone.
My wife doesn't get up before me.
Last Sunday
It's easier for me to have a job than to do housework.
It sums up the situation pretty well.
Tom is a good story teller.
He is suffering from a cold.
The dam burst owing to the heavy rain.
We sent you the book at your request.
She designed beautiful costumes for the movie.
It occurred to me that my watch might be broken.
I think it will be hot today.
All he can do is support himself.
The curtains blew in the wind.
I regret the delay in writing to you to thank you for your hospitality on my visit to your country.
The myth offers insights into the ancient civilization.
Switching on a fleshlight won't help you see in the dark.
He left Tokyo for Europe.
This is how he has succeeded in running the factory.
You should deal with matters according to the situation.
My room faces south
He brought the art of painting to perfection.
Don't blame him for the error.
We had to wait for him for ten minutes.
The letter informed her of his death.
The mayor is said to be on the take.